cloud: add cloud release notes for release-20260707 (#23215)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2026.

## July 7, 2026

**General changes**

- **TiDB Cloud Essential**

    - Support the Datadog integration (public preview).

>         You can now configure TiDB Cloud to send key metrics from your TiDB Cloud Essential instances to [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/) for centralized monitoring and alerting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You can now configure TiDB Cloud to send key metrics from your [TiDB Cloud Essential](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#essential) instances to [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/) for centralized monitoring and alerting.
```

>         For more information, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog](/tidb-cloud/monitor-datadog-integration-for-tidb-x.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/monitor-datadog-integration-for-tidb-x/?plan=essential).
```

- **TiDB Cloud Premium**

    - Support the Datadog integration (public preview).

>         You can now configure TiDB Cloud to send key metrics from your TiDB Cloud Premium instances to [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/) for centralized monitoring and alerting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You can now configure TiDB Cloud to send key metrics from your [TiDB Cloud Premium](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#premium) instances to [Datadog](https://www.datadoghq.com/) for centralized monitoring and alerting.
```

>         For more information, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog](/tidb-cloud/monitor-datadog-integration-for-tidb-x.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, see [Integrate TiDB Cloud with Datadog](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/monitor-datadog-integration-for-tidb-x/?plan=premium).
```
